Test app (#545)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/apps/create-app-in-php.md

# Create an App in PHP

::: warning

> **For now, this feature is ONLY AVAILABLE on partner sandboxes Akeneo provides**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**THIS FEATURE WILL BE AVAILABLE SOON**
If you are a partner, you can ask for an early access, Akeneo provides sandboxes with the feature enabled.
```

Reviewer: `If you are a partner, you can contact Akeneo for an early access.` ?

:::

> In this tutorial, we will provide a guide, with examples in PHP, on how to implement the required parts of your App

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we provide a guide, with examples in PHP, on how to implement the required parts of your App
```
